#
Primavera
Sasha Orr

It’s one of my favorite times of year.
Knobs on branches, faintly green and pink,
on the crest of burgeoning petals
spindle out into florid air, 
blown against the white-blue sky.
on my breath is a wish that this 
Spring I will know. The baby birds, 
fallen or flying, will tell me. 

#
On our [trans]formations 
Nick King 

It is me who twists your words.
It is me who melds your tongue 
With my body. Questions are stirred 
With my voice, lies are strung.

My body is your battlefield, 
My name your target desires, 
And with you it will be revealed 
That all we all are liars,

The ones who grow into new, 
The ones who shed the old. 
My body is not split into two. 
My body is made of gold.

Among you, we shine the most bright. 
After everything, we kindled our own light.

#
Growing in Love 
McKaila Bushu 

Love is sacrifice, love is pain, love is beauty, love is the blossoming fallen fruit on a diverted lane.
Sweet and savory, kills and grows, we use “falling” in love as the term but why not growing in love because that’s how it’s shown.
Grows in time, grows in fuming flame, my love, our love, so big and bright, something never to be tamed.
As beautiful as the bright orange and red leaves on the autumn tree, as the safe warm crisp air when I’m near you because with you I am forever free.
It’s peaceful and calming, something I never want to let go, just as perfect and meant to be as Prince Charming and Snow.

#art p28

#prose unsorted
First Steps
Makayla Alder

I can imagine. Not yet knowing how it felt but seeing everyone around you do it without thought. Your height is a mystery. You have never stood on the bottoms of your feet. Is that why they are still so soft? You have never felt a rock get stuck to the humidity of your sweaty toes or seen the small imprints they leave behind. You have never burnt your bare feet on the pavement caused by the beams of the sun. How do you know if your shoes are too big or too small? How do you know if they’ll give you blisters or if they give the arch of your foot enough support? How do I know? You have to stand in them to know. So you try for weeks, months. It’s just like when you learned to hold your head up. For the first few tries, your legs won’t be strong enough to even propel yourself from the floor. As you hold the edge of the wood-stained TV stand with your tiny hands, you use your arms to pull yourself off the ground. Your legs sway side to side as you get used to the new feeling, the new view. Your glance is steered towards the TV playing your favorite nursery rhyme. Do you know you’re standing right now? You’re doing it. Your guardian pulls out their camera and records the moment, the first time and the only first time. Shouldn't they be sad? You’re growing. 

#
Crippled
Jesse Looney

How long until it breaks me,
snaps my spine over its knee
and rolls me off onto the hardwood,
crippled, never to walk again?

#prose memoir
Cruel and Unusual Punishment
Keyton Castillo

When I was twelve years old, I remember that I was a calm guy and I liked to stay at home, and also I never liked to go to parties. Perhaps this may sound weird to you, but I had many close friends with whom I grew up. My friends and  I used to play soccer.  I was lucky to meet them and stick with our friendship. However, here’s a detail: my friends were popular but I was not. As my friends were popular they used to know the girl I was in love with. Her name was Stacy, but I knew she would never give me a chance.
I used to live with my father in Costa Rica, the town’s name was San Rafael de Alajuela. My father has always been a serious and strict man. He was the kind of father who gave you some occasional permission to do some things. My father hasn’t been lucky at all with women, and I believe that I inherited that from him. We lived in a small house with two doors, one on the back and one on the front. I remember that there were more windows than doors. We had a small bathroom with a window that I used to escape. I used to call this window my special window. My father didn’t know anything about how I used this window. If he knew he would probably remove it. I was escaping through this window everytime that I wanted to go and play soccer with my friends, but this time the reason why I was going to escape was going to be different.
One Friday after school, my friends were planning to have a party on Saturday at 7 p.m. They decided to invite me because they knew I was in love with Stacy and she would be at the party as well. How in the world would I miss this opportunity to just see her! But there was one challenge: gaining my father’s permission. I knew that my father wouldn’t let me go to that party because he was strict, but I wondered if I could do something to make him let me go. So, I decided to clean the whole house. I washed the dishes, bathed the dog; I swept the floor, then I mopped the floor; even that day I didn’t eat anything so as not to dirty the dishes so when my father arrived at the house he would see the house clean. 
On Saturdays, my father used to go to a bar after a hard working day in construction. It was 4:30 p.m. when my father arrived home. He saw that I did a nice job with the house and that I had cleaned the house very well. He wrinkled his eyes and said “good job, Keyton.” Seeing him smiling and happy, I thought, ‘well, now is the time to ask him for permission.’ But I couldn’t summon the strength. I was still too scared of his answer. I was so scared that I saw the door of his bedroom and it was as if it turned to rock, and in the rock was a dark hole, the rims of it lit by a fire surrounded by dangerous neanderthals, as if the door said “Welcome to the Cave.” Nonetheless, I somehow summoned the courage and blurted out: “Would it be alright if I went to Jose’s house for his party tonight?” But, just as I feared, his answer was a resounding “no.” 
I felt very upset, but I asked myself,  ‘if I escape to go and play soccer with my friends, why would I not escape to go and see the girl I’m in love with?’
I decided to take a big risk. I put on the best clothes I had, and, as I had done many times, I climbed out my secret window.
I arrived at the party at 9 p.m. I said hello to everyone, but I was looking for a specific person, and I found her. I didn’t find her the way I would like to find her, because she was already talking with somebody else. But I was thinking that maybe he just might be a friend. As the time passed it became more and more obvious that everyone was enjoying the party except me. It was almost 1 a.m. and the party was going to end when I saw my chance: I would offer to walk her home and then come back. When I approached her, she asked me if I could bring her something to drink and of course I did.  Even though she only talked to me just to ask me for a favor I was elated, and I said to myself, ‘this is the moment, I have my girl, I don’t care what my father is going to do to me, even if he is going to hit me, I don’t care, that’s not going to hurt me, because I have my girl.’ I was having a picture in my mind where after the party I was holding her hands, and telling her how much I loved her, and after that I saw myself kissing her, having one of the best moments in my life with the girl that I had been in love with.               
But my dream, as exhilarating as it was, didn’t last long. As soon as I returned with her Coke, I saw her kissing the guy who she was talking with. I didn’t know how to feel, but the only thing I knew was that the big risk I took was worthless. The worst part was that the guy who she was talking to took her home, and I didn’t want to think what could have happened on the way, but I knew that my heart was broken. My friends laughed at first but then they told me, “Don’t worry Keyton, there are more girls on the earth than stars in the sky.” 
You probably think that the situation could not have gotten any worse, but it did. Me and a friend were the last ones awake, telling some jokes about our childhood, and just when the situation started to get a little bit better for me, there was a cop behind me. He was looking for me because my father was scared, he thought that I was lost. The cop took me and dropped me to my father’s house. The only thing I knew was that my father was going to destroy me. When I arrived at my father’s house he was looking at me. He didn’t do anything to me, but I knew from his look that I was in trouble. 
The next day, on Sunday, he woke me up and told me that I had to work with him. He asked me what happened the day before, and I just told him the truth, and explained it all to him, because if I didn’t he would destroy me. He was really mad at me, but when he heard the story he didn’t get any madder, he just laughed and laughed. His laughter at my expense felt better than his disappointment and rage, so, all in all, I thought that that Sunday was going to be a good day, that I would be allowed to work and forget about what happened. But no, it only got even worse!
My father and I ended up working at Stacy’s mother’s house. I didn’t know that he and Stacy’s mother were friends. To say the least I didn’t like to be there, but I knew that I had to because I had to fulfill my punishment.

#art 43

#art TWERK POEMS, description, 4 poems

#
Winter at Dusk
Jesse Looney

Accompanied, yet lonely,
I stride in the fresh air of a clear head,
(though my own is not)
in the last glimmer of golden light.
No—it is sweet but not quite gold.
Gold is rich but the light is hollow.
It is the color of bleached beautiful things
now lost to memory.
Everything is ending, it will all come to an end.
Suddenly, the wind is cold and bitter.

#art 55

#art 54

#art The Ocean is... 72 special formatting

#
Revenge 
McKaila Bushu

Pain inflicted by the hands of who you don’t expect 
and you still there in utter disbelief. 
I hate you, why? Why me? Why this? 
You should suffer. 
You need to feel this killing pain, 
But, hey, maybe it’s making me tougher. 

I wanted this to be perfect, perfect us, a perfect puzzle piece, one 
that is magic and beautiful. 
I thought you were with me and it was us, 
I never would of thought this to be the outcome when we met, 
but now I’ve been wrong; 
I have found my new target.
 
The plan set in stone, ready to be executed. 
Why does this feel weird, feel wrong? 
If I do this will I be the one forever gone? 
Once this is done, you and me are dead, we have a clean slate 
but then you kill me once again 
and that’s when I realized I’m always 
the one meant to get hurt in this story.
That’s my fate forever.

#prose fiction
Moth & Flame
Avery Becker

A moth flutters drunkenly toward the porch light. Every few seconds it seems to be jerked down before rising up again as if, just for a moment, it forgets how to fly. 
I know what’s coming next, but I wince anyway when the moth reaches the light. Having caved to its desires, it gets singed and falls to the ground in a crumple of soft cream and brown whorls. It’s a scrap of tissue paper, resting there on sun bleached weeds.
The porch light winks off. 
“Psst! Caleb!” A call from the other side of the fence, which I can’t see in the dark but can picture with perfect clarity. There will be tufts of copper hair peeking over weathered gray boards, stormy eyes with flecks of blue. And a grin. 
That grin is for me what the porch light is to the moth. 
I rise, the seat of my jeans cold from the brick steps, and move to the side of the yard, the soles of my sneakers grinding the fallen moth into the dirt as I go. When I vault over the fence, I hardly have to think anymore, the motions ingrained in something deeper than memory, something intrinsic. 
The girl with copper hair lifts a lighter to me the second my feet hit the pavement. I shake off the jolts of electricity thrumming up my calves from the impact.
“Why didn’t you just bring a flashlight?” I ask this every time.
The girl, Mara, only smiles, the contours of her face sharpened by the flickering glow. She slips her free hand into mine. We really shouldn’t be doing this again.
“Are you sure—” I begin, my voice raspier than normal.
“Caleb,” she whines, the word pulled between her teeth like bubble gum. “It’ll be quick.” 
It always is, I guess.
I can almost pretend that Main Street is silent at 3 am. Of course, there are dogs barking a few streets over, the clatter of a trash can lid toppling off, the pop of glass exploding off pavement. But these are just the sounds of home, so familiar they fade into the background and nearly into silence. I’ll miss it when I move to the city, when I’m surrounded by sirens and shouting. An environment just like this but with a manic gleam in its beady eyes.
Beside me, Mara’s bathed in orange from the streetlights, lashes dark on her cheekbones when she blinks, lips pulled into a playful smirk. She catches me looking at her and pushes her shoulder into mine. I freeze when her skin brushes against my thin long sleeve, the way I have for nearly seven years. 
“You really didn’t think I’d let you spend your last night all alone?” she asks, smiling in that way that always makes my stomach work itself into knots.
I shake my head, not trusting myself to speak. 
“Just one last run,” she begs.
One last run. She knows I don’t need the money. I’ve worked three jobs this summer, which she would know because she skipped nearly half of summer school to bring me soggy sandwiches she got from God-knows-where. How she spent her own summer beyond that, I don’t know. I can only assume she was hopping between houses, any house that wasn’t her own. On nights we didn’t hang out, I’d often see her stumbling out of side yards I didn’t recognize in the morning, rubbing bleary eyes and smiling at me shakily. 
No, she isn’t doing it for the money. She just wants one last night. Don’t I?
“Where to, then?” I ask, caving, bending to her light. “The usual?”
“Oh Caleb,” Mara sighs, clasping her hands to her chest and pretending to swoon. “No one knows me like you do.” 
I look away at her flirting, which isn’t anything new. She thinks she’s embarrassing me, but it’s not quite that. I want it to be real so badly that I’m afraid one look in my eyes will give everything away.
I’ve spent over half a decade in the wake of her lightning, the first hand she reaches for but never the last. Just because she’s the only one worth fighting for in my life, doesn’t mean I’m the only one in hers. Why would I give myself up now?
We lapse into silence again, sneakers hitting the pavement in a rhythm that’s more familiar to me than my own heartbeat. 
Tonight, I can’t stop myself from watching her. The baby hair curling under the hem of her hair, right where her neck and shoulder meet, the twin freckles nestled into the smile of skin on the back of her elbow.
Every breath of air between us is a chasm.
“So,” she says, turning, and I think she’s finally caught me. But all she says is, “Chicago.”
“Chicago,” I agree.
“Aren’t you excited?!” She flips so she’s walking backwards on Main Street, holding my eyes. “You’ve wanted to get out of here for forever. You’ll have an apartment and a roommate and classes. Classes,” she teases. “With professors.” 
“You have professors,” I say, rolling my eyes in fake annoyance. She’s the one that’s wanted to get out of this town since middle school. I’ve just always wanted to be wherever she was. 
But I’m the one with the scholarship, and she’s not.
Mara snorts. “Yes, me. A student. All I want to do is stay out every night, try new foods, see new places, take the subway…”
“It won’t be any different than here. Just a little more noise and traffic,” I say, suddenly annoyed.
A shot goes off in the distance, and I flinch slightly, despite the commonality of it. “See? There’ll be ten times the amount of that in Chicago. You could never walk the street like this.”
“Yes, I could,” she argues. “And you will. You’re gonna be out at night all the time.” 
“Not at 3 am.” 
“Yes at 3 am. Going to parties, bar hopping…” she smirks. “With a date.” 
My stomach lurches. 
“Caleb?”
When I don’t respond, she turns so she’s walking beside me again. “You’re the luckiest guy in the world, going to Chicago. You can’t waste it. You can’t waste it.”
I’m surprised by the vigor in her voice that’s almost tipping into anger, but I don’t know how not to waste Chicago. I don’t know how to live without Mara. She does enough living for both of us.
“I’ll try,” I say.
She stops us under one of the working streetlights, raising an eyebrow at me. 
“You’ll try?” she scoffs and I’m worried I’ve blown her good mood. “Caleb.” She looks me in the eyes, and I want to kiss her. 
“I promise,” I lie, turning from her and walking again. When I glance back, she’s still standing here, arms limp at her sides. For a moment she seems so small. 
But then the air shifts and she’s back at it again, the light from the streetlamp nipping at her heels like a stray dog as she bounds forward. 
“We’re here,” she says, and I must be imagining the crack in her voice.
Digham’s Convenience looks the same as it always does: stiff, belly-up cockroaches rocking in dusty windowsills, panes of glass smudged with yearning fingerprints, and a red “closed” sign hanging lopsided from the window in the door. And yet this time, everything feels different.
“Ah!” Mara says. “Home, sweet home!”
I glance up and down the street, but no one’s there. No one’s ever there. It’s just me and Mara. Mara and me. 
“Ready?” 
Mara hovers by the door, fingers rooting in one of her pockets for her lock picking set, which is probably tucked deep beneath a lighter, a pack of cigarettes, and a million other objects that always make her cargo shorts sling heavy around her hips. 
At my nod, she presses the newly procured lock set into my hand and gestures grandly to the door, winking. “It’s all yours. The last time.” I know better than to argue.
But when I put the tensioner into the lock, something feels off. It’s a change in the air, a chill that wasn’t there before. I glance behind me at the street, but it’s still empty. 
“You okay?” Mara asks. I nod dumbly. 
There’s always a sense of danger effused around Digham’s. It’s why Mara chooses to come here. Everyone knows that one of these days Old Man Digham will crack, that he’ll finally have enough of the teenagers that break into his stores on dares and taunts. Just last week, a junior from our high school nearly got his foot blown off. 
But my dark premonitions never come to pass. 
When the lock gives way, I swing the door open, but don’t take a step forward. The only light comes from the corner where the humming fridges cast panels of flickering fluorescence onto unswept floors.
Mara slips her arm through mine, warming me and making me shiver at the same time. “Your bounty awaits.” 
“We don’t have to do this.”
“I want to.” Her eyes gleam in the dim light. “C’mon, Caleb. For me.” 
There’s no way she knows that I would never be able to say no. That when it comes to her I don’t even have a choice.
“Fine,” I say, and close the door as silently as I can. “Let’s just make this quick.” 
Mara floats to the cash register, grabbing a Snickers and sticking it into her cargo shorts. 
“How about fifty,” I say, as she works on the register’s lock. It’s a compromise on our normal twenty dollars each, never enough that anyone would notice. “For the last day.” I know she would insist anyway. 
“Hmm…” She smirks as she pulls a paper grocery bag out from under the counter. My heart sinks.
“Mara, what are you doing?” 
I duck behind the counter, and she’s jittery with excitement as she lifts stack after stack of cash bound with dirty rubber bands, settling them reverently into the bottom of the bag. It is not the lack of morality that scares me, that’s never been there. It’s the way she’s staring at the money like it’s already hers.
Despite how often it happens in my dreams, I’m certain that she’s never looked at me that way before. 
A creak sounds from a far corner of the store, and I flinch. “Did you hear that?”
“It’s a rat. C’mon, Caleb.” Her voice has an edge to it that I’m always surprised to hear, but still my hands twitch with the desire to pull the bag from her grasp.
“Let’s just go. You’ve got plenty.” 
She glances sharply at me, and I nearly shrink back. I hate it when she looks at me like that. Like I’m a stranger. 
“I’m gonna do this.” Her voice is rock hard. “Don’t try to stop me Caleb.” 
“Okay, okay,” I say, reaching toward the cash to help speed up the process. “Let’s just be quick.”
Crack.
I don’t feel the bullet the instant it makes impact with my side. 
One moment I’m standing and the next I’m flat on my back, noticing the gray light in the grimy convenience store, staring at the cracks in the ceiling, a ringing in my ears.
Cash that wasn’t bound is falling like rain, over my eyes, sticking to my lips. 
It was all there. The feeling of wrongness in the air, the creak from the corner, Digham’s bad eyesight, his rifle that everyone knows that he keeps hanging above his bed on the second floor of the store. 
Mara. 
I lift my arms above my head to feel her, and black rings my vision from the effort. 
“Mara!” I choke out, my voice breaking. Everything goes watery and maybe it really is raining in here, maybe a storm leapt from her gray blue eyes. 
There are her sneakers, and my fingers draw arcs of red as I scrabble to catch hold of her. Blood is sputtering in my throat, so I turn my head to the side to spit it up and some of it catches on her laces. She steps back, out of my grasp. 
The hair on my arms rises.
“Get out of here, you little punk!” I hear rather than see Digham limping into the room and his voice, like metal grinding into gravel, seems to come in and out like a radio. “Serves your lot right, breaking in here all summer! And take him too, he’s bleeding all over my floor.” 
A jab to my ribs with his cane sends me onto my side and I groan into the concrete, eyes slitting around the pain, a feeling so indescribable I can only compare it to my desire for Mara.
“Leave the money,” Digham barks. 
Gritting my teeth against the agony, I glance up at Mara. Her stance is certain, skinny shoulders thrown back, hair curling with sweat, and despite it all, she’s more beautiful than I’ve ever seen her. A tempest.
Digham shuffles and I assume he’s bringing his rifle up to his shoulder. “Now, girl. Before I change my mind and shoot you too.” I feel him tapping his foot through the floor. “Clean this mess up.” 
My breathing is ragged now, and I quiver as her sneakers come towards me.
“Girl…” Digham warns.
She bends down and it’s Mara. Me and Mara. Mara and me. She moves closer until my vision is only coming out in copper and blue, cigarettes and faint lighter fluid. She reaches her hands out above my head. Then her lips are on mine, and though I can hardly feel it through the pain, I don’t care that I’ve been shot, I don’t care that Digham is standing over us with a rifle, I don’t care about my scholarship or Chicago. I’m staying right here. 
She pulls away and I’m delirious. But her smile is stretched too thin, and when she draws her arms back, there’s cash clutched in her hands. My mind whirls, straining to connect what I’m seeing with the flush in my face.
Digham scoffs and cocks his rifle, and I realize too late that Mara’s dropped the money in her right hand and reached into her biggest cargo pocket. There’s a gun that I’ve never seen before, and in my slanted vision I watch her cock, shoot, and hear the crumple of a heavy body hitting the concrete before I can even blink. 
“Mara,” I croak, unable to comprehend that she shot someone, because my mind is still lingering on the kiss, what it meant.
She bends over me again and comes back with more cash, the horrifying reality starting to sink in like a lead pipe to the stomach, but the physical pain of it doesn’t connect with my brain. 
There’s the crinkle of a paper bag and a woosh as she sweeps cash into it. 
She killed Digham.
A numbness is spreading across my limbs and threatening to take me under. I wait for her to call the police, then to kiss me again as we wait, to hold me to her body, to finish the start of this new something that she created.
Mara gets to her feet, cradling the bag like it’s more precious than a human life. More precious than Digham’s life.
I’m paralyzed as she steps backwards, right at the rim of my vision. I’m losing her. I’m losing Mara. 
Black bleeds into the corners of my eyes, and the ache in my chest has widened to a piercing, pulsing animal that’s thrashing around inside of me. 
“I love you,” I manage to get out because I don’t know what else to do, blood bubbling on my lips.
Smugness flashes across her face, and for the first time, I can see it as something ugly. 
“I know you do, Caleb.” 
And then her copper hair is extinguished from my vision, and the door to Digham’s opens and closes. 

#art 40

#
Raw
Sasha Orr

Just soft enough to draw blood, 
just harsh enough to pierce the skin, 
that inimitable sensation. 
Had you felt that clawing need too?
Did you feel the soft pulse run through me as
you tore in? Can the scope of all that is human 
be surmised in a single act?
The need to feel, relentless, no pulling back.

#
Lovely
Avery Becker

Here’s something to ponder:
perhaps loveliness is not a measure of perfection
but the contentment of a moment.
Perhaps it is a beauty felt and not observed,
the certainty of it tangible.
Maybe it’s the stripping of aesthetic,
the vulnerable, unseen moments at the core.

To illustrate:
She is alone in the car, driving home in the dark by the lake.
Her awe of life astonishes her.
It’s this movement,
bound by the sunset, then the stars.
The lake is beautiful this time of night
the houses across the glittering water,
lights reflecting a hundred other lives.
But she is her own.
In this moment it is such a lovely life.

If you were there 
you would see her breath on the windshield like a fluttering thing,
a warm shuttle in the cold dark,
suspension between what was before and what will come but not concern.
She will always long to be held above herself, 
to observe what she thinks is the loveliness of perfection
but is really just this moment, this lovely moment
in February driving by the lake.

#art 2

#
Brick to the Chest 
McKaila Bushu 

The feeling of a brick to the chest,
why do I go through this? It feels like a constant test.
My heart aches at the thought of it all, begging tightest back and forth,
my head’s about to hit the wall; 
a smile on my face while the little me in my head is pleading for help;
one wrong move and she’s gonna melt. 
Can anyone see how much pain is in my heart, in my head, in my body; 
that strong pain, the pain of when we are apart? 
Let them in. Let them hear how much you have to say. 
They say do it and the pain will magically go away. 
It’s a release, it will help. 
They say so many things in my ear, hoping to understand my pain. 
It’s starting to drive me insane! 
Why can they put it into words and I can’t?
Other people are happy and healing, makes me want to get a brain transplant;
maybe then I won’t feel the pain, feel the torment from my brain
telling me it’s not going to be ok and put me in the right lane. 
Am I crazy for feeling this hurt?
I mean people go through worse and make it out fine, 
maybe I’m being dramatic, 
maybe all of this is a waste of time. 
So I’ll take the brick and put it back in the wall 
and sit down and listen to you all 
like a brick to the chest. 

#art First Love

#
Sweet Tooth
Jesse Looney

To what do we owe the pursuit of pain,
as when we lever a loose tooth
till the piercing prevents us,
and yet, unable to bear the ache of relief,
we plunge back into pressing,
forced to savor the tartness of misery?

#art 53

#art Adrift in Time

#art 51

#art Exquisite Corpse, desc., 4 poems

#art 15

#art 46

#
Abuse
McKaila Bushu 

Abuse on my heart, 
abuse on my mind, 
may not be seen but forever shown 
in my words
and my eyes 
and the breaking of my tone.

Hollow like an apple without a core, 
thoughts piercing like a forever bruising sore.
Weak in the mind, you take it when you please, 
take and take, 
abuse it, 
then you leave.

My hurt never seen, 
being killed, invisible blood, 
being killed me and wiped it imperfectly clean.
Knife to the soul, 
knife to what feels like a black hole,
taken the hope, abused the mind 
but no one ever knows because everything’s beautiful under sunshine.

#
Powdered White
Avery Becker

fever haze and snow globe daze
smothered sky enslated white
i’m upside, inside, downside out 
swirled around in crystal cage

without a clue, time comes clocking
ticks by and tocks me, drawing red
spooling out in cotton coils
choked by existential dread

as certainty is shaved away
by chisels made of snow and ice
reality is slurred and blurring
slipping world tips into night 

pulsing voices multiplying 
mock me lost in binding squall
an avalanche of my confining 
burning shards of bitter cold

limp, surrendered to the storm
numbness claws and nestles in
all that’s left is hollow shell
embalmed in frosted glass again

#art bath Makayla

#
Autoerotic Asphyxiation 
Jesse Looney

Did you know an orange flame lacks oxygen?
The product of its passion
chokes it down
as it writhes---languishes---for the air’s sweet kiss.
But the blue flame breathes easy,
disencumbered by contentment
with its murmuring dimness.
Why, then, when to an azure
sea of embers a cherry log
is added, does it splash and sputter orange,
trying violently
to kill itself on that which feeds?

#art 24

#art Willow Sophia Lee

#art 42

#art 33

#
Seperated 
McKaila Bushu 

Our love on two separate lanes, forever different. But not truly. And that’s what drives me insane. 
Paper on the wet road
run over and stomped on. 
Loving you, craving you. 
To just leave was the perfect crime.
I was your pawn.
Gave you my heart. 
All the faults I accepted when all you were was exceptionally disconnected. 
Breaking, crying, wanting to scream cause it hurt tremendously. 
I tried to go with it flexibly, but why am I surprised you just followed your hurtful tendencies? 
Our love now separated and divided till what we feel is the end of time. 
Wanting to follow the little things,
maybe it’s not actually over. 
Maybe I need to follow those big signs.

#art Finding Some Calm

#art 50

#art Syringe desc. 5 poems

#art Healed Sophia Lee

#art 49

#
Nathan Longacre
Jesse Looney

He is an atheistic angel lord
who, disbelieving of himself, denies
that he could save a soul and ever for
his mortal visage doth apologize.
He never as a supplicant would seek
a thimbleful of dignity, because
he dare not view himself above the meek
or worthy of a peasant’s momentary pause,
but still, unknowingly, he treads and sprouts
behind him fragrant flower beds that bless
those whose salvation he, an Orpheus, doubts,
unfruited of his own majestic harvest,
yet still devout to his pure, holy path
despite sad blindness to its aftermath.

#
Golden Eyes 
McKaila Bushu 

Pain hidden behind those beautiful golden eyes as you say you’re okay but those are continuous golden lies.
Broken brain, consecutive pain, crack in the soul, losing your flame.
Is there something wrong with me? Am I broken? What beauty is everyone seeing that I for some reason have never seen?
Where is the warmth, where is the shine? I’ve lost my shine, my sparkle, my hopeful smile. Was I really shining or was I delusional and living on the fine line?
Maybe it’s me, maybe it’s you, maybe it’s us, the world throwing balls of pain and deception at the people they create from all angles. Why is it necessary? 
Maybe it’s a must.
Crying out of those beautiful eyes, wiping them like they were never there, wiping them so I don’t have to answer the burning question of “are you okay?” because I don’t want to share.
Never wanting to share the pain in my chest, the hurt in my heart, the lack of breath in my lungs. I should be happy, I should feel good, but I feel silenced like I have lost my tongue.
Pain not just hidden in my eyes but hidden in my words and movements, the pain thrown at me, that is a burdening gift that God has sent.

#art 25

#
[You are my wild woman]
Nick King

You are my wild woman,
Artemis herself come to earth
To show me that I am simply human,
At the will of your arrows of rebirth.

May they strike me,
For I am merely a doe,
And as painful as it may be
Your cruelty does free me so.

You are among the wild nymphs
Who bathe in the river bed
And walk above the cliffs
Only to look down on me, and you said:

I will have mercy on you,
For I will put you among the stars too.
